-: Welcome back.
As part of this step
we are going to deploy the ALB Ingress Controller
and then edit the ingress controller
to update the cluster name inside that,
and then verify it.
So let's go ahead and then implement these three steps.
So as usual, instead of using what is 1.1.4,
whatever is provided in AWS documentation
we are going to use master branch,
always we are going to use latest test ingress controller.
So let me copy this and then paste it here
to create the L being this controller,
right on our cube system namespace.
So now it is created
we can even see Kube CTL get deploy hyphen Kube system.
So the new deployment will be created related
to LB ingress controller,
and even you can say Kube CTL get ports hyphen Kube system.
So to see that how the port is coming up,
see it has the error
because it doesn't know the cluster where it need to create.
Okay, so we'll clear this
and we'll go back and then we'll say Kube CTL,
edit that respective deployment in Kube,
Kube system name space,
and then update the cluster name here.
Okay, so let me paste it and then edit the deployment.
So I'll go to end with shift G, escape shift G,
and I'll go a little up here, right?
So I found the ingress class ALB,
insert and enter, right?
And now I'll provide this information which is nothing
but cluster them is equal EKs demo one, right?
And then I will save it.
So now this will update the deployment.
If I say Kube CTL get ports, hyphen Kube system
should provide us a new ALB ingress controller
which is running and then old one
is getting terminating, right?
So let's wait for it to terminate and this to be ready.
Good, okay so now this
is only one ALB ingress controller running now
and it is up and running.
So let's go ahead and then verify it, right?
So verify our ALB ingress controller
is running or not, right?
So we need to verify the logs,
already we verify the port,
so now we are going to verify the logs.
So this will only get the logs from ALB ingress controller
and whatever maybe the port name
after ALB ingress controller,
it is going to take it here and then provide us.
So let me paste it, right?
So on a very high level,
we don't see any issues in the log here.
So starting the controller,
starting the workers, we don't see anything.
But the real test we perform is in our next lecture
which is 0802 ALB ingress basic
whenever we implement it, right?
So at that time we will know the real issue,
whatever we are going to face.
As of now it is going to be straight through
it is up and running, okay?
But if whenever we deploy our ingress basic manifests
right, so if it is not able to communicate with AWS APIs
like ELB API or whatever the application load balance
or APIs then it is going to throw the errors.
For now everything is good.
So let's move on with our next lecture now.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.